At the moment, are you in a relationship?
I'm sadly single, meaning that I'm not in a relationship.
I would like to be in one, but I'm finding it hard to find that person.
And when I do eventually find that Mr. Right, is that I'm hoping that we'll be able to settle down.
And if maybe further down the line, start a family, I don't want to be raising that child on my own.
I'd rather be with someone, I'd rather be with the partner or the husband that I don't want him to do run a.
So you don't have a boyfriend at the moment?
No.
But you've been looking for a boyfriend?
I have, if I can say, I've been on some dating sites.
I'm currently talking to someone who seems to get me, who seems to be another double of me.
And we've been talking online, which is great.
I'm hoping there would be another, or I'm hoping there will be something there eventually.
But it's hard to tell at the moment.
But saying that I have been talking to other people.
And when I want that certain person, I'm hoping that they're either a year younger than me or a year or maybe two years older than me.
Nothing more.
And have you had any luck finding people online?
No. They all seem to be very genuine people.
But they seem, after a few days, they seem to disappear.
You don't hear from them again, which I'm finding really difficult and wondering why they're on the dating site in the first place.
And I want to be able to know that I'm speaking to real people and not fake people.
Because I'm at that age now where I just want to be with someone.
I'm finding also my biological clock is ticking and I really, really want to start a family soon.
And finding the right person and not get into trouble when things do happen in the future.